Discretized non clocked (#3399)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/synchronous.tex

\end{list}
\end{list}\vspace{\parskip}% Compensate for removal of \parskip from \topset.

The resulting set of connected components, is the partitioning of the equations and variables, $B_{i} = \left\langle E_{i},\, V_{i} \right\rangle$, according to base-clocks and unclocked partitions.

> The base partitions are identified as \firstuse[clocked!base-clock partition]{clocked}\index{base-clock partition!clocked} or as \firstuse[base-clock partition!unclocked]{unclocked partitions}\index{partition!unclocked} according to the following properties:

Author: Ok. We can do that later in a separate PR.

> The base partitions are identified as \firstuse[clocked!base-clock partition]{clocked}\index{base-clock partition!clocked} or as \firstuse[base-clock partition!unclocked]{unclocked partitions}\index{partition!unclocked} according to the following properties:

Reviewer: Resolving.

Additionally to the variability of expressions defined in \cref{variability-of-expressions}, an orthogonal concept \willintroduce{clocked variability} is defined in this section.
If not explicitly stated otherwise, an expression with a variability such as \emph{continuous-time} or \emph{discrete-time} means that the expression is inside a partition that is unclocked.
If an expression is present in a base-partition that is not an unclocked base-partition, it is a \firstuse[clocked!expression]{clocked expression}\index{expression!clocked} and has \firstuse[clocked!variability]{clocked variability}\index{expression variability!clocked}.

After sub-clock inferencing, see \cref{sub-clock-inferencing}, every sub-partition that is associated with a clock has to be categorized as \willintroduce{discrete-time} or \willintroduce{discretized}.
\begin{nonnormative}
Previously, discrete-time sub-partition was refered to as \emph{clocked discrete-time partition}, and discretized sub-partition as \emph{clocked discretized continuous-time partition}.
\end{nonnormative}

> If a sub-partition that is not unclocked contains any of the operators \lstinline!der!, \lstinline!delay!, \lstinline!spatialDistribution!, or event related operators from \cref{event-related-operators-with-function-syntax} (with exception of \lstinline!noEvent! and \lstinline!smooth!), or contains a \lstinline!when!-clause with a \lstinline!Boolean! condition, it is a \firstuse[discretized!sub-partition]{discretized}\index{sub-partition!discretized} sub-partition.

Reviewer: Can't we just call it "clocked" here?
```suggestion
If a clocked sub-partition contains any of the operators \lstinline!der!, \lstinline!delay!, \lstinline!spatialDistribution!, or event related operators from \cref{event-related-operators-with-function-syntax} (with exception of \lstinline!noEvent! and \lstinline!smooth!), or contains a \lstinline!when!-clause with a \lstinline!Boolean! condition, it is a \firstuse[discretized!sub-partition]{discretized}\index{sub-partition!discretized} sub-partition.
```
It also talks about a sub-partition, which we only consider for clocked base-partitions. The last sentence before the non-normative one implies that a sub-partition is associated with a sub-clock. So, maybe it is not even necessary to call it clocked, just sub-partition.

Author: I like this second suggestion
